this is for educational purposes only
hello YouTube it's mr. games more and
today I'm going to show you guys how to
hack the simpsons tapped out so first
you're going to want to open up the
simpsons
and as you can see I'm not hacked I have
a lot of money and stuff because my
other my other account has a lot of
money so and now I can't hack it or
anything so now you're going to want to
go to Cydia
and you're going to want to add a source
the source that you want to add is
called dam dam our first hex so the repo
is dam our one st dot d de - and you add
the source I already have it now once
it's added go there all packages and go
to the very bottom where it says tapped
out core hack and go there and install
it and it's going to download everything
I'm not going to speed it up just to
show you guys how fast it is or slow
and now since its installed it doesn't
release bring your device so you're
going to have to either turn it off or
if you have something else REE spring it
so now just let it ring
and now it's back and open up your
device and go to the Simpsons
see now it's hat so now you could go
into here and get anything that you want
free money everything so thank you guys
for watching don't forget to leave a
like and subscribe and see you guys
later